[distant tapping]
[spectral shriek]
[Gu-cheon grunting]
[tense dramatic music playing]
[woman screams]
[pond spirit shrieks]
[Gu-cheon grunts]
[panting]
[women screaming]
[Saeng-gang breathing heavily]
[jingling]
It's not over yet.
[panting]
[music swells]
-[music subsides]
-[breathing heavily]
Now.
Let us make a deal with each other.
I will give you half of my yang energy.
and in return…
your help is all I require.
[breathing heavily]
[gasping]
[dark ethereal music playing]
[squelching]
[baby babbling]
[sinister music playing]
[spectral growling]
[spectral screaming]
-[spectral screaming]
-[squelching]
[growling]
Shit.
[spectral screaming]
[tense dramatic music resumes]
[Gu-cheon grunts]
At this rate. your soul will be destroyed.
If you reveal your identity now.
I will let you go to the afterlife.
[spectral screaming]
-[snarling]
-[Gu-cheon grunts]
[Gu-cheon straining]
[snarls]
[Gu-cheon grunting in pain]
If I lose all my yang energy.
then I will die too.
[grunting. straining]
[squelching]
[gasps. grunts]
-[Saeng-gang grunting]
-[epic percussive music playing]
[both grunt]
[gasping]
[snarls]
-[Gu-cheon grunts]
-[snarling]
[Gu-cheon screaming]
[straining]
[gasps]
[screaming]
[straining]
[grunting]
[gasping. grunts]
[gasping]
[groaning]
I told you not to…
[grunts. groans]
[music intensifies]
THE EAST PALACE
[music fades]
Are you all right?
The Prince was unharmed at least.
You were the one who saved him.
were you not?
[clears throat] What's important is.
why did you pull the rope?
Because I heard the bell stop ringing.
and I thought that you might
be in danger or something.
Was I interrupting?
I thought I told you loud and clear before
to make sure
that you do not pull the rope.
You never listen to anything.
[scoffs]
You purged it?
The pond spirit?
All I could do was make it weak for now.
For a while. at least.
it will not be able to move.
What's that look for?
I…
I just regret misjudging your abilities.
and I took you for a… layabout.
[Gu-cheon scoffs]
I thought you were irredeemable
and only cared about your own pleasure
and were someone who had no respect
for other humans. other than.
well. himself.
-[clears throat]
-I mean. you're not wrong.
But still. that does not
sit particularly right with me.
His Majesty… is going to thank you
for what you did to save Prince Yeongan.
Then put in a good word with your father
so I may leave. will you?
[pensive music playing]
How do you know about that?
-How long have you known?
-From the moment I saw you.
Well. I wondered who His Majesty
would send to help in secret.
And there you were.
with such delicate hands for a woman.
[grunts. pants] Are you all right?
Not to mention.
you are a spitting image of the man.
Huh?
You're strong-willed.
And your… your… your stubborn look
says it all.
Wait. is that why
you told me to show my blood?
The royal bloodline
is why the spirit held a grudge.
You used me as bait?
The blood was used for a way to draw
the pond spirit's attention elsewhere.
I can see now
that His Majesty chose the right person.
And speaking of that…
Let's help each other.
without His Majesty's knowing about it.
[scoffs]
[sighs]
[Gu-cheon] Here.
The truth is. I'm allowed
to stay here under close supervision
while the spirit is being dealt with.
So.
buy me time
to stay here a little bit longer.
And what exactly do you plan to do?
I am going to kill someone
here in the palace.
[man] Your Majesty.
A child who once served
the late Crown Prince
has requested an audience with you.
He claims to know about the spirit
and the Crown Prince.
[suspenseful music playing]
He can enter.
[door closes]
[King] All right.
So then.
do you have something to say?
[breathing shakily]
[breathing nervously]
[nervous breathing echoes]
You are still young.
Yet you are quite courageous.
[man] Yes. right here.
[man grunts. gasps]
[tense music playing]
[grunting]
[Gu-cheon] Why should I become your ally
without His Majesty's knowledge?
Because those
who know the palace's secrets
are not permitted
to leave this place alive.
So if I help you with your task.
you will let me leave
the palace alive after I do?
[Saeng-gang] Hmm…
[Saeng-gang sighs]
[groans]
The bell though. How did you hear it?
I have a gift as well.
It's rather similar to your own.
[bell jingles]
[ominous ethereal music playing]
[bell jingles in distance]
-[spectral shriek]
-[child gasps] Mother!
[woman gasps] Are you all right?
Did you see something inside?
-Oh my.
-[door opens]
[Jang] And what do you think
you two are doing here?
[Saeng-gang] "The pond spirit."
"The serpent's shed skin
killed the dragon's child."
Those were the words
that were spoken by a spirit
once trapped there
when I was a young girl.
The dragon's child refers
to the King's son.
And the shed skin of the serpent
is the pond spirit. I would gather.
What are you on about?
If we look into the salt storehouse.
we can learn information
surrounding the spirit.
-Don't tell me that the reason--
-That's not yours to worry about.
For now.
you must investigate the pond spirit.
So anyway. you were cast out of the palace
for hearing ghosts. huh?
Even though you're a princess.
you have the gifts of a shaman.
What happened when you were young
that led you to hear voices?
How did you grow up
that you dig into people's hearts
with every word you seem to say?
Wow. you're getting all worked up
over nothing.
Nothing?
[Saeng-gang scoffs]
You truly do not know how
to consider other people's feelings.
You must be disliked
by your friends and family.
I have neither to speak of. I'm an orphan.
[Saeng-gang] Oh.
And you are one to talk.
Do you have any friends? Huh?
[Saeng-gang scoffs]
Are all royalty born annoying.
because maybe--
That is enough!
You must hurry up
and investigate the salt storehouse.
[sighs]
[Gu-cheon scoffs]
Seriously. this pond spirit… [sighs]
-Hold on.
-[groans]
[Gu-cheon] Don't tell me…
[suspenseful music playing]
[sighs]
[Gu-cheon] Oh…
Can it be?
[Saeng-gang]
Why are you going there? What is it?
-[Gu-cheon] No way.
-What…
-[Gu-cheon] Wait.
-Is there something there?
[Gu-cheon sighs]
[Gu-cheon grunts]
I was saving this for later.
[creature snarls]
[Gu-cheon grunts. gasps]
-What are you doing?
-It really is here. [pants]
-A gwi-mae.
-It is?
I need to figure out what kind it is.
Where did you get the rice cake from?
-Wait. why are you throwing--
-Sh!
[softly] Keep it down for a moment. Huh?
[creature purrs]
[gasps]
-[coos]
-[Gu-cheon] This can't be happening.
-No.
-[Saeng-gang] What do you see?
[whimsical music playing]
-[Saeng-gang] Hey…
-We need to go immediately.
Follow me.
Come on!
[Saeng-gang] But… we need to check…
[footsteps pattering]
[growls. swallows]
[both panting]
You said it was a gwi-mae.
and that it is bound to one place.
-We should be fine.
-Hang on.
Just… wait a minute!
[gasps]
That one… is a special one.
It's called a ggeomeoksali.
It latches onto the living. not a place.
and drains their yang energy.
-And those who have been affected by it…
-Their yang…
…will die after witnessing terror.
A truly terrifying creature.
But… [gasps]
[sighs] I understand.
so stop pushing. Wait.
Let me show you where you will be staying.
His Majesty had your quarters changed
because you saved Prince Yeongan.
Why are you telling me this now?
-Well…
-Where is it?
Over there. That way.
-[Gu-cheon] Quickly.
-[grunts]
-[Gu-cheon] Come on.
-I am going. I am! [grunts]
[Gu-cheon] Good grief.
This is truly unbelievable.
Goodness.
[Saeng-gang] What are you staring at?
[Gu-cheon] I was a fool to trust him.
My goodness. seriously. Ugh.
So. more comfortable lodging?
[sighs]
[Gu-cheon] It's just the room
across from the previous one.
-[whimsical music playing]
-[Gu-cheon sighs]
Oh.
It followed us all the way here.
-The ggeomeoksali.
-What?
Ggeomeoksali.
-[coos]
-[Gu-cheon] No.
That bastard is as clingy
as sticky rice cakes.
[music fades]
[Saeng-gang]
What has made you act like that?
There is nothing here. [sighs]
[clears throat]
Anyway…
Looks as if His Majesty is pleased
with how you handled it.
That is a relief.
But just temporary.
If the pond spirit shows itself again.
it is certain
that Prince Yeongan will soon die.
-[gong plays]
-[shaman chanting]
[groaning]
[woman] You must stay strong.
Prince Yeongan.
Give it to me.
Please come back to us.
[chanting continues]
[music intensifies]
[man 1] Your Majesty.
now that even the last remaining prince.
Yeongan. lies so ill.
the succession of this realm
is gravely imperiled.
[man 2] Rumors surrounding
the East Palace continue to circulate.
shaking the very foundations
of the nation.
[Queen] The nation's foundations
are shaken. you say?
You should mind the words you choose.
So long as I draw breath.
this great nation's foundations
will not be shaken.
[Jang] Your Majesty.
Prince Iksang has arrived.
[man 3] Prince Iksang?
What's he doing here?
Greetings. my friends.
Have you had your meal today?
[laughs]
You are looking younger than ever. Aunt.
I see you still prefer to address me so.
Prince Iksang.
How have you fared as of late?
I have returned from a tiger hunt
in Hobyeong Valley.
I also lingered
at the Nine Valleys of Hwayang.
indulging in idle pleasures.
[chuckles]
If I may say so.
you should not remain confined
to the palace walls.
A period of rest outside is deserved.
I am not sure.
I entered these walls
as Crown Princess at age 11.
I have never once set foot
beyond its gates.
This palace is where I shall stay
until the day I die.
You remain unchanged.
So why did you wish to see me again?
And how is your son?
[intriguing pensive music playing]
He is doing well.
Unlike his father.
he delights in scholarly pursuits.
Even so.
a collateral figure of the royal family
is barred from holding office.
A small stream
cut off from the main current
cannot easily spread.
However. should that main river grow foul
and become dry…
it should be cut away.
making a new channel flow in place of it.
How dare a feng shui master like you
venture to seek out an audience
with Her Majesty so lightly!
Get out at once.
He entered the palace
under His Majesty's command.
He promptly arrived
with important information
and at the will of His Majesty.
Wait here.
She sure is damn prickly. that woman.
She stands above
all the ladies of the palace.
You suppose
an audience with her comes easy?
[hissing]
[unsettling music playing]
I hear a noise coming close.
[hissing continues]
[music intensifies]
-This place is crawling with yin.
-[bell jingling]
[sinister hissing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Her Majesty is still unavailable.
You should leave.
[Gu-cheon] Oh.
what a mighty shame that is.
You see. I had something to tell her
about the pond spirit.
Pardon? The pond spirit. you say?
Then please convey this one message.
Tell her she should start to think about
who might rule next
once the Crown Prince is dead.
[Jang] What?
Who might be next?
What does he mean?
It was a waste to come here.
Trying to meet with the Queen Dowager.
No. there was a gain.
[Saeng-gang] A gain? What do you mean?
Oh. Are you…
[music fades]
[breathing nervously]
She lives in a residence that's private.
Why is she in the palace wandering?
Who was that?
You know each other?
She is my grandmother.
The birth mother of His Majesty.
[mysterious ethereal music playing]
Is that why relations
between the Queen Dowager
and the King are strained?
They're not blood-related?
Or rather.
because the King
was the child of a concubine.
Thirty years ago.
all of His Majesty's brothers died
for reasons that were never made clear.
He alone survived among
the late King's sons
and was named Crown Prince.
but because the lowborn blood
of a court lady
was said to run in his veins.
he was never fully acknowledged
as the Crown Prince.
Not even now.
after he ascended to the throne.
[man] Your Majesty.
for the sake of this country
and its people.
a new Crown Prince must be appointed.
This. I am aware of.
However. Prince Yeongan's health
has yet to fully recover.
That is precisely why
we are mentioning this. Your Majesty.
It is imperative that measures be taken.
What kind of measures?
[man 2] You must move forth
and select one of the royal kin
and name him your new Crown Prince.
Your Majesty.
[man 1] Grant your royal assent.
[all] Grant your royal assent.
Do all of you believe the same thing?
That death will soon take my son?
-[all exclaim]
-Uh…
How could we harbor such irreverence?
That is not what we imply or intend.
Your Majesty.
That is not what you imply?!
[tense music playing]
Then whose intention is it?
Is it the Queen Dowager's intention?
[Iksang] I am deeply disappointed in you.
I went above and beyond
to get you in here.
yet you failed to command a single spirit
and. instead. restored his health.
I did not drive away the spirit.
I only sought to draw the spirit
toward the Prince.
Then was there another
who drove the spirit away?
The feng shui master the King brought in
is rather suspicious.
The King? [chuckles]
He brought in a master of feng shui?
I want you to keep him under close watch.
If he truly is the one helping
to destroy spirits…
he will die at our hands.
The more spirits run rampant
within the palace.
the further the King
is driven into a corner.
And that serves me well.
Prince Iksang
was at the Queen Dowager's residence?
My. that is truly impressive.
[tense music continues]
[scoffs]
So she plans
to alter the royal bloodline after all?
She intends to sever the curse
that has endured for 30 years
and begin anew.
But it will not be so easy.
And for someone who has been bound by sin.
does she truly believe she can escape it?
[glass shattering]
[music fades]
[spectral hiss]
You all right?
-You okay?
-[grunts]
What's wrong with you? [gasps]
[spectral screaming]
Sorry. who are you?
Ji-yul. a sanggaksi
serving in the Saenggwabang.
I will be sharing this chamber with you
starting today.
Huh? That cannot be possible.
[Ji-yul] There.
Um… I was told
I would have my own quarters.
-I have never shared a chamber.
-What's this?
This must be
rather uncomfortable for you. so--
Not at all.
Before I entered the palace.
I shared a room with nine of my family.
[chuckles]
Ah.
-[objects clattering]
-[indistinct chattering]
What might all that fuss be about?
What? Oh my. You haven't heard about it?
A spirit was seen
at the Queen Dowager's quarters.
A spirit. really?
Yes. Ever since I entered the palace.
a lot of incidents have happened.
I heard a spirit showed up
at the Saenggwabang too.
Hang on.
Tell me all that you have heard
about the spirits.
[groans] Gosh. I'm so cold.
[groans]
[ggeomeoksali purrs]
[screaming]
[whimsical music playing]
[grunts] Damn it! Jeez.
[panting]
What the…
When did you get in here?
Hey. Stop that.
-Stop coming closer!
-[coos]
Who said you could act all cute?
Why? Why pick on me? Huh?
-Why?
-[door opens]
Apparently. a salt storehouse spirit
is in the Queen Dowager's quarters.
[uneasy music playing]
You mean right now?
We must go.
We need to investigate immediately.
Sure. I cannot wait to get out of here.
[Saeng-gang] What?
[sighs]
[uneasy music continues]
[spectral murmuring]
[gasps]
What is it?
Do you hear something?
I can't make it out.
It's too subtle for me to hear.
Too faint to understand.
[Gu-cheon] Hmm.
I should step inside to hear better.
Do you really have to go in alone?
I will be fine.
Okay. then I will wait out here for you.
[wind whistles]
[breathing nervously]
-[spectral murmuring]
-[metallic clank]
[breathing nervously]
[spectral murmuring continues]
Say what you need to say.
Tell me what happened. Please say it.
[spectral murmuring intensifies]
[spectral screaming]
[spectral streaming continues]
[screaming subsides]
[breathing shakily]
[tense music stinger]
[spirit] The serpent's shed skin
killed the dragon's child.
[Jang] "The serpent's shed skin
killed the dragon's child."
-Tell me who wrote these words.
-[women sobbing]
The dragon's child refers
to the late Crown Prince.
Her Majesty. the Queen.
was born in the Year of the Snake.
So. that implies
that the Crown Prince died
because of Her Majesty.
It seems one of you wenches
has insulted Her Majesty's house.
You will starve in here until you confess.
Not even a drop of water will be given.
[women crying]
[door closes]
[crying]
[stirring melancholy music playing]
[women screaming. crying]
[screaming. crying continues]
They burned to death whilst in there?
Gather the court ladies' bones in jars
and bury the lot.
Their vengeful spirits must be sealed
so they cannot harm the royal house.
[Jang] Yes. Your Majesty.
[shaman chanting]
[music swells]
-[music fades]
-[chanting stops]
[Queen] Have you had the chance yet
to look into who broke the sealed jars?
I have looked into it.
but I could not find the person
who entered the salt storehouse.
-[unsettling music playing]
-[Jang exhales]
This must have been done by someone
who knows exactly what these jars are.
But are we not the only ones in the palace
who know of those jars?
This must be an aimed attack against me.
but who would do that?
Yes.
I know of a person who would do it.
-[Jang] Who is it?
-[breathes angrily]
I can see clearly how my fear of spirits
momentarily clouded my sight.
Why did I not see it coming
sooner than this?
All of this trouble began
after I met with Prince Iksang.
[man] Prince Yeongan
has overcome the crisis. Your Majesty.
Therefore. I believe now is the time
for you to appoint the Crown Prince.
[Queen] His Majesty
saw straight through my heart.
He is trying to stop me.
no matter the cost.
I know that he means to oppose me
with wielding spirits.
So if I'm right. it would seem
the King wants me dead tonight!
But I will not let that happen.
I will not die
at the hands of mere spirits.
Night will soon fall.
Court ladies are not to sleep tonight.
They will all protect me
until daylight hours come!
[Gu-cheon] So. for 30 years.
the pond spirit
has been killing the princes
in the East Palace.
And the court ladies wrote
that the princes were dying
because of the Queen Dowager?
It was not the court ladies' doing.
They were falsely accused
and put to death.
What is certain is that the pond spirit
is connected to the Queen Dowager.
Still. thanks to your ability.
I was able to learn why the court ladies
became won-gwi.
I could not have done it alone.
You did good work.
You are the first person
to say this strange ability
of mine was helpful.
Is that so?
I assumed His Majesty sent you to me
because your ability
was a thing he valued.
I must have proved to be of use
in helping with spirits.
Are you in bad standing with your father?
[unsettling music playing]
[loud clattering]
[King] Hold your wretched tongue.
You must not tell me
that you can hear such atrocious things.
Not any child who bears my blood.
Unless you wish
to bring disgrace to our name.
To hear such strange things would indeed
be a disgrace for the royal house.
Sounds good to me.
What do you mean by that?
It's just that
since we both dislike the King.
it makes it feel almost like
we are on the same side.
Even so.
when I heard those voices yelling
to be let out. I should've helped them.
If only I had broken the jars
that their souls were imprisoned in.
What could a mere child
have done to help them?
Bearing such a strange gift
would've been hard enough.
Don't carry that pointless guilt with you.
[poignant music playing]
I. too. was feared and pointed at
by others.
You can simply ignore people like that.
Just be mindful of them
and live your life so you don't end up…
[imitates demon]
…getting possessed like that.
Now I understand why you're so unusual.
Me?
I'll make sure
they are correctly buried in the ground.
-Whoa. whoa! Hey. hold on. Hold on.
-[music fades]
I will grind these court ladies' bones
into powder.
-[Saeng-gang] What?
-Hmm?
[Saeng-gang] Ground into powder?
No. you must not!
Are you trying
to shame the dead once again?
Oh. for crying out loud.
It's a pain having to explain this
every time.
A won-gwi is a spirit that cannot just
simply pass on to the afterlife
because its resentment
is weighing it down.
So if you use things
to help it remember who it once was.
you can dissolve that resentment…
and send it to the afterlife.
But then their souls
do not disappear. right?
They are pitiful spirits.
Hey.
Pitiful or not. they are harming
innocent people around the palace now.
[sighs] There's no time to explain.
What do you mean "there's no time"?
Are you saying that others will appear?
They're probably already
under the Queen Dowager's nose.
-[unsettling music playing]
-[Queen reciting shaman chant]
[chanting continues]
[music intensifies]
[music subsides]
[Queen] Who is there?
Bring me a candle at once.
[agonized screaming]
-[gasps]
-[metallic clank]
[tense music playing]
[Gu-cheon] You will take this bone powder
and go to the Buddhist temple
where the Queen Dowager is.
I will go into the World of Gwi
and confront them.
They will be with the Queen Dowager.
[spectral hissing]
[shaman chanting. gasps]
[crackling]
[high-pitched tone]
-[Gu-cheon exhales]
-[spectral hissing]
[epic music playing]
I am very sorry.
-[Gu-cheon grunting]
-[spectral screeching]
-[grunting]
[sizzling]
[spectral screeching]
[grunting]
[pants]
[sizzling]
[Gu-cheon] As you said.
they are innocent won-gwi.
[spectral screeching]
[Gu-cheon] To set them free.
we must get rid of the mass of resentment.
You must begin when I ring the bell.
-[spectral screeching]
-[grunting]
[grunting echoes]
[spectral screaming]
[spectral screeching]
[bell jingling]
[Gu-cheon grunting]
[jingling echoes]
[grunts]
[Gu-cheon grunts]
[spectral screaming]
[epic dramatic music playing]
[screams]
[screaming echoes]
-[Gu-cheon grunts]
-[spectral screaming]
[bell jingling]
-[shrieks]
-[Gu-cheon grunts]
[bell jingling]
[music intensifies]
[grunts]
[music swells]
[frantic music playing]
[spectral howling]
[Gu-cheon grunting]
[music swells]
-[music subsides]
-[breathing echoes]
[spectral screaming]
[screams frantically]
[Gu-cheon] So this is
the only way in the end?
[screaming continues]
[Gu-cheon] I am as good as dead.
[groans]
-[spectral scream]
-[grunts]
-[grunting continues]
-[screaming continues]
-[bell jingling]
-Hurry. Saeng-gang! Do it now!
[frantic music continues]
[grunting echoes]
[music subsides]
[spectral screeching]
[Gu-cheon pants]
[Gu-cheon] Let go of your grievances…
and lay your anger to rest.
Now you can all find your peace.
[pants]
-[squelching]
-[groaning]
[Gu-cheon] I will guide you
to the afterlife.
May you all…
[groaning]
…be reborn in paradise.
[exhales]
[uplifting epic music playing]
[groaning]
[blade rasps]
[Queen] We are innocent.
We are resentful.
We are innocent.
[music fades]
We are innocent. [sobs]
-What my mother and I had to endure…
-[Queen] We are resentful.
I've not forgotten about it.
We are innocent.
We are resentful.
What are you so resentful about?
[breathing shakily]
We…
We were only guilty of being in that place
and put to death.
[Saeng-gang] Who?
Who is trying to speak?
[stirring ethereal music playing]
When she died.
the Most Favored Lady of the Court…
Uttered the curse…
[sighs]
From this day on. no royal blood
shall flow within these walls.
You insolent wench!
How dare you speak in that manner!
When I die and become a spirit.
I will come back
to sever the royal bloodline.
I will wipe out the royal bloodline
and dry out the seed of the East Palace!
[screams. gasps]
[Jang] What are you waiting for? Stop her!
[women gasp]
[women gasp. scream]
[Queen] "No royal blood shall flow
within this palace."
"I will dry out the seed
of the East Palace."
"The serpent's shed skin
killed the dragon's child."
She killed us because we heard
the Most Favored Lady
of the Court's curse.
Under the pretense
of the writing on the wall…
[Queen gasps. groans]
[Saeng-gang] The curse by
The Most Favored Lady of the Court?
[Queen gasping]
[Saeng-gang] Does that mean
the pond spirit's true identity
is the Most Favored Lady of the Court?
[labored] We are innocent.
[gasping]
While we were in there.
being burned alive.
why did you stand by
and do nothing to save us?
[tense music playing]
[Gu-cheon] Those who commit sins
are bound to be punished eventually.
You do not need to take a life
with your own hands.
[music fades]
[hard rock music playing]